[Cropperjs] Add image rotation in php side (#3347)
symfony/ux: src/Cropperjs/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.33

> - Deprecate passing `false` to the `$applyRotation` argument of `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail()` and `Crop::getCroppedImage()`, it will always be `true` in 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate calling `Crop::getCroppedImage()` and `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail()` without explicitly passing `true` for the $applyRotation parameter. It will always be `true` in 3.0
```

## 2.30

> - Deprecate call `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail` and `Crop::getCroppedImage()` without `$applyRotation` parameter. Will default to true in 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.33

- Deprecate passing `false` to the `$applyRotation` argument of `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail()` and `Crop::getCroppedImage()`, it will always be `true` in 3.0.
```
